ticdc, toc: gather TiCDC docs together in TOC (#4240)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

## Install and deploy TiCDC

> You can either deploy TiCDC with a new cluster or add the TiCDC component to an existing TiDB cluster. For details, see [Deploy TiCDC](/ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md).

Author: ```suggestion
You can either deploy TiCDC with a new cluster or add the TiCDC components to an existing TiDB cluster. For details, see [Deploy TiCDC](/ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md).
```

> You can either deploy TiCDC with a new cluster or add the TiCDC components to an existing TiDB cluster. For details, see [Deploy TiCDC](/ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either deploy TiCDC along with a new TiDB cluster or add the TiCDC component to an existing TiDB cluster. For details, see [Deploy TiCDC](/ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md).
```
